# Investment Extensions: [Mintos](www.Mintos.com)

##### **1. Introduction**
This Github repository is meant as a collection for our Chrome Extension [release packages](https://github.com/DeeNaxic/mintos-extension/tree/master/bin), the [sourcecode](https://github.com/DeeNaxic/mintos-extension/tree/master/src) from which it is compiled, and the documentation and letters which we have sent out through different media. This page is not intended as public use by default, but instead as a way to provide an additional layer of transparency. Trust is very important when it comes to investments, and you are more than welcome to do a full audit of our source code, and even download and run it as an unpacked extension locally. If you do not have enough technical experience yourself, please feel free to send the repository link to someone who does, who you trust, if you want the code validated for security reasons. If you have any question about the content, suggestions, or simply want to improve the way we do things, please do hit us up on an e-mail at investment.extensions@gmail.com

##### **2. How to install**
There are two ways to get this extension to work:
1. You can download it directly through the Chrome store page (which is currently a dummy version with no real information), this is available [here](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/investments%20%20/faoghbbhgbedgejlifiafhkhdhpjofol). Opening this page and using the Google Chrome extension installer, will add it directly to your browser, and you simply have to refresh the page. Doing it this way takes less time, and it means you can get updates easier. But it also means a bit of trust, that the code you are running, is indeed what we are claiming. For this reason, we also do provide the source code, see next point.

2. You can download the source code directly from this repository. It is fully open, so you can audit it any way you like. If you are satisfied, you can download the src folder to your computer, and then open [Chrome Extensions](chrome://extensions/) and load an unpacked extension. This way is a bit more difficult and makes it harder to update, but it does allow you to audit everything you run. Although we always ensure it's the same code on the repository, as in the Google extension page, we do want to provide this option for your security.
